Hey there, my name’s Eugene Martens and I’m currently working as one of the artist’s for Ultra Gods. In this blog post I’ll be talking about some of my experiences working with Sweaty Yeti, focusing on how the game aims for an Ultra-Like feel and look. <!-- more -->

The overarching theme for Ulta Gods is of course “ULTRA”, a word that sparks a great deal of energy and was something that all team member’s subconsciously applied to every aspect of development. Capturing that Ultra like energy in visual terms was definitely a challenge, having to go through many iterations of design, theme, styles, color templates, background stories and level settings before the team finally settled on what we felt was something Ultra.

The Game’s theme definitely went threw its own journey before reaching its current stage where players are pitted against each other, playing a disc-style projectile based brawler, earning the favor of the Ultra Gods in hopes to achieve supreme status. Finding the right elements to go along with this style of gameplay was in itself a challenge, with the whole team pitching in to decide on what would best entice a sense of Ultra like battle, an ultra like setting and ultimately a Ultra like Game.

One aspect from the very beginning of the game’s design was the idea of omnipotence (limitless power), as Ultra had such an energy rich theme, the idea of Ultra “Gods” was definitely a needed presence within the game. The first few iterations revolved around old-school gods such as Ra, Thor and a few gods developed by the team; but was, in the end, scrapped and redesigned. Savik, Jon and I, the artists for the team, all decided instead to push for an omnipotence of our own design, taking our Ultra and throwing some omnipotence in the mix until we felt we had a good Set of “Ultra Gods” for our game to revolve around.

Another design element that the game revolved around was the idea of characters of the game being from a more “Higher up” class of beings. The Concept of Higher beings or aliens, always allowed for more design freedom. With our first design iterations centering around the old-school gods, much like Thor from the Marvel universe. As the project progressed this Thor like higher beings had to be redesigned in order to meet the game’s updated aesthetic. Since our gods were now of our own, more Ultra design, the sweaty yeti Artist’s were able to develop characters that we felt matched our current theme.

Combining elements and references from such movies as Ridley Scott’s Predator to Tron’s visually aesthetic helped to build the foundations of Ultra God’s current design, a design that the Sweaty Yeti team feels helped aesthetically/thematically and Mechanically push the Ultra in Ultra Gods.