This is Jon Flores blogging for this week and as one of the artists and only animator of the group this will be heavily on animation and visuals. <!-- more -->

The project is making considerable progress and is continually becoming more and more ultra as the team develops new visuals and strategies. Not only does the game have to be fast paced and exciting but also it  should be able to convey ultra through the aesthetic as well. Bringing the ultra vision to fruition has been quite a great learning experience as the game has changed and the theme required an abundance of new visuals. Unlike the old theme which incorporated existing gods mythologies combined with a futuristic twist to them, the new theme is more so a general theme of ultra which stays true to the title of the game. Having not much practice with concepting, it proved a bit of a challenge combining two contrasting elements and trying to make ancient and futuristic meet in the middle somehow. Researching for design and origins of the specific gods was even more interesting than expected having to read about gods being born from the face of a higher one. Futuristic aspects were inspired by games which were sci fi themed but trying to mix them both together was a bit difficult but not impossible.

The slight change of theme allowed more freedom for the artist’s side of the project seeing as we were no longer restricted to the already existing mythologies. We then instead created the traditional classes of games such as warrior, tank etc. these classes were the new theme for the aesthetics. Inspiration was taken from the games that the group could remember from the past as well as the added touch of ultra to the mix. The design of the newly created characters has improved in both aesthetics and animation while also being more ultra than before.

In comparison to the warrior, norse god has a lot less detail to it and the design does not suit that of the environment. Although in game the small details wouldn’t matter much the principle of the design and consistency should still coincide and improve the overall aesthetics of the game. Even though the norse god was still ultra it was lacking the sci fi trait that was sought after in the planning phases, which is more present to the warrior design. The vision for the game was to create have both visuals and gameplay scream ultra as well as let the players have lots of fun while they play. In terms of animation the warrior had more forceful and powerful movement to the norse god as the proportions of the body and limbs helped create the effect.

Having created the norse characters and retaining most of the research done previously has definitely made it easier to create better, playable characters. Learning more about creating sci fi armour and combining it with such old depictions and imaginations of the mythologies was a fun and great experience as it proved both a challenge and allowed me to create and animate something ultra.