Hey Hey, My name is Savik and I am an Environment Artist, Assistant Programmer and Assistant Designer for Ultra Gods. A big part of my job is making sure all the environment and UI related visuals have an oomph to ‘em. This not only means textures, props and other asset creation, but also the programming behind them to make them feel alive and responsive. <!-- more --> For example; a dynamic level event that locks off a part of the map and opens others. The rest of the team has gone over most of the important things, so i’m just gonna talk about what I think is interesting!

One thing that we have strived for at Ultra Gods is for the players (you and your friends), to not only see all the ultra-esc things on the screen, but for you to also feel as if the game’s intensity is pumping you up to dominate everyone in the arenas- even if it means tearing down some friendships along the way.

We decided the type of feel we wanted needed to be ‘juiced’ – meaning even the smallest action would get a huge reaction (Eg: I drop my pencil, it then proceeds to break through the earth until it hits the core and volcanoes erupt all around the world). The problem was, the scale of the environments hugely affected the feel of the gameplay. It took some tweaking, but  we eventually landed on making the arenas small enough to keep the game interesting but big enough to feel awesome. The addition of the omnipotent gods that you are essentially competing for elevated that feel even further by a couple notches (right in the sweet spot of ULTRA).

# INSERT IMAGE

Something that most people overlook is the menu, not us here at Ultra Gods! We didn’t want a boring menu, we wanted you guys to be able to run around and choose what you wanted to do that way while at the same time getting better at maneuvering and using ground and aerial tactics. We unfortunately had to make the menu a no-disk-throwing zone as it would make problems with the flow. Jump around as much as you like though!!! The way you select things is somewhat a majority rules system but with timers- the more people in a voting zone, the quicker that zones timer goes up, when it reaches the cap it is then selected and the game gets rolling.

I feel that if I say anymore I’ll give to much of the game away! Just be sure to play it and feel the thrill of the battle rage through you as you crush your friends. Or maybe they’ll crush you? This is Savik, signing out.